Simplify default serializer; drop promise-related option (#43)
sindresorhus/mem: readme.md

##### cacheKey

Type: `Function`
Default: `_arguments => _arguments[0]`
Example: `_arguments => JSON.stringify(_arguments)`

> 

Author: I added that note in the main description in the readme + in the `cacheKey` description in JSDoc.

Determines the cache key for storing the result based on the function arguments. By default, **only the first argument is considered**.

A `cacheKey` function can return any type supported by `Map` (or whatever structure you use in the `cache` option).

You can have it cache **all** the arguments by value with `JSON.stringify`, if they are compatible:

```js

> mem(function_, {cacheKey: JSON.stringify})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
mem(function_, {cacheKey: JSON.stringify});
```

```

Or you can use a more full-featured serializer like [serialize-javascript](https://github.com/yahoo/serialize-javascript) to add support for `RegExp`, `Date` and so on.

```js
const serializeJavascript = require('serialize-javascript');

> mem(function_, {cacheKey: serializeJavascript})

Reviewer: ```suggestion

mem(function_, {cacheKey: serializeJavascript});
```

> Type: `Function`

Author: ```suggestion
Type: `Function`
Default: `_arguments => _arguments[0]`
Example: `_arguments => JSON.stringify(_arguments)`
```

> Determines the cache key for storing the result based on the function arguments. By default, only the first argument is used, as is, as the `key` of the `cache` `Map`.

Author: ```suggestion
Determines the cache key for storing the result based on the function arguments. By default, **only the first argument is considered**.

A `cacheKey` function can return any type supported by `Map` (or whatever structure you use in the `cache` option).
```

> You change it to cache **all** the arguments by value with `JSON.stringify`, if they are compatible:

Author: ```suggestion
You can have it cache **all** the arguments by value with `JSON.stringify`, if they are compatible:
```
